(mystical music)
[Izzy] Next up on the
Digimon Encyclopedia is
Palmon!
This Digimon is Mimi's partner.
The flower on Palmon's
head and the leaf-like arms
allow for photosynthesis.
Now let's check this out!
The flower changes
scent depending on
how Palmon's feeling.
I'm curious to know
how different it smells
when Palmon is happy or angry!
(heroic music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] To avoid
going through the dark
miasma-filled swamp,
the Digi-destined
decide to split
up into two teams.
Along the way, Matt's
team encounters Neemon
and a group of Digimon who are
trying to escape the desert
dominated by the Scorpiomon.
In order to defeat Scorpiomon
and clear the path forward,
Garurumon digivolves
to Weregarurumon.
Meanwhile, Tai and his team...
-(stone creaking)
-(Mimi and Palmon gasping)
(Mimi and Palmon screaming)
[Mimi] I think I'm
still seeing stars.
Mimi, please.
Was that some kind
of booby trap?
You're crushing me.
Oh, sorry, Palmon!
-(Palmon groaning)
-(Mimi gasping)
[Mimi] Hey, Tai!
Izzy!
Can you hear me?
Let's see if this works.
(Palmon grunting)
(Palmon sighing sadly)
It's too high up
for me to reach.
Let's go that way.
There's gotta be an
exit somewhere nearby.
(footsteps tapping)
(wings flapping)
(tense music)
Mimi!
Hey, Palmon!
Can you hear us down there?
Why won't it work?
This place is interfering
with all of our devices.
I think these symbols I
took photos of earlier
hold information
about this ruin.
They could tell us how
to find Mimi and Palmon.
-(static hissing)
-Ah!
See, I told you!
Even my computer is acting up.
Ah!
Looks like it's working!
(monitor beeping)
No way, check it out!
This is all right below us.
It looks like an
ancient weapons factory!
A weapons factory?
I've got a bad
feeling about this.
(tense music)
(sonar beeping)
(scrap metal clattering)
[Palmon] Where are we?
It looks like a junkyard
for scrap metal.
[Palmon] What's "scrap?"
(Palmon groaning anxiously)
(both gasping)
(metal clanging)
Hold on a sec.
These are all
Digimon!
(Mimi gasping)
This one is covered in dust.
You poor thing.
Let's keep going, Palmon.
(Mimi gasping)
Oh, I guess we must have
intruded, we're so sorry!
Anyway, you wouldn't
happen to know a way
to get back to the surface
from here, would you?
We fell down a crazy trap
and got split up
from our friends,
who are probably
worried about us.
Can you help?
Enemy target confirmed.
Huh?
(metal creaking)
Eliminate target.
(Mimi gasping)
-(metal slamming)
-Look out!
(tense music)
What is the deal with this guy?
Beats the leaf out of me!
(Mimi grunting in determination)
Palmon digivolve to
(dramatic music)
Togemon!
Needle Spray!
(needles clanging)
(Mimi gasping)
Eliminate target.
(Mimi whimpering)
Don't worry, Mimi.
I'll protect you no matter what!
(Andromon whirring)
(Togemon grunting)
(Togemon screaming)
Are you okay?
(Palmon thudding)
(Mimi panting)
Eliminate target.
(Mimi gasping)
-(Andromon whirring)
-(Mimi whimpering)
(metal clanging)
(Mimi gasping)
What happened?
-(triumphant music)
-(ground rumbling)
(Mimi gasping)
(triumphant music)
State your business here,
Guardromon number
two-zero-seven-eight.
(triumphant music)
(steam hissing)
You protected us.
Are you on our side, then?
(steam hissing)
(Guardromon clanking)
(torpedo whooshing)
Where are you aiming with that?
(torpedo exploding)
(metal crashing)
(rockets roaring)
(Mimi gasping)
(steam hissing)
(rockets roaring)
Palmon, you hang in there!
(Palmon groaning)
What am I supposed to do?
(steam hissing)
(Agumon grunting)
(Agumon yelping)
Agumon, what happened?
You okay?
Yeah, just slipped is all.
I've got more news.
This hole goes
down a lot further.
[Tentomon] Be careful, you two!
(Tai yelping)
Hold on, Mimi, we're coming!
(water dripping)
(Guardromon clanking)
[Mimi] Now where are we?
(water splashing)
(somber music)
-(steam hissing)
-(Guardromon creaking)
Huh?
Is that for me?
(steam hissing)
Really?
How sweet of you.
(steam hissing)
(Mimi giggling)
By the way, do you know if
there's some kind of way
to get back to the
surface from here?
(steam hissing)
That's incredible!
Can you show us
how to get to it?
(steam hissing)
Now we can catch up with
Tai and everybody again!
(Mimi giggling)
(metal creaking)
(metal crashing)
Eliminate target.
-(Tai whooshing)
-(logo twinkling)
(birds chirping)
What's got you so quiet, Sora?
(Joe retching)
Are you worried
about Neemon's group?
Right now, we need
to stay focused
on what we're doing, Sora.
Finishing our mission will
help them find their peace.
Take comfort in that
and move forward.
Thanks, Matt.
Amazing, Matt!
What a cool thing to say!
Something wrong with you, Joe?
[Joe] Of course not, I
just feel a little- (gags)
[Tai] Mimi, where are you?
[Agumon] Hello?
Looks like we have company!
(all gasping)
[Agumon] Soundbirdmon again?
He must have followed
us down here.
-(scrap metal clattering)
-(all gasping)
What are all these weird guys?
[Izzy] They must be Digimon
created by the factory here.
[Tentomon] Nice
nightmare robot face!
[Izzy] That Soundbirdmon
must be controlling them!
We have no choice.
Agumon!
(heroic music)
Agumon digivolve to
Greymon!
Nova Blast!
(fire roaring)
(rockets roaring)
-(button beeping)
-(door whirring)
No way!
There's an elevator?
-(Guardromon creaking)
-(button beeping)
Thanks so much!
Now we can finally get
back to the surface!
(metal clanging)
(Mimi yelping)
(door creaking)
(Mimi whimpering)
(dramatic music)
Eliminate target.
(rockets roaring)
(metal clanging)
Gatling Attack primed.
-Fire.
-(torpedoes whooshing)
-(torpedoes exploding)
-(Mimi screaming)
Eliminate target.
(torpedo whooshing)
(torpedo exploding)
(metal clanging)
(debris crashing)
Eliminate target.
(hand whirring)
(Mimi whimpering)
(Guardromon creaking)
(dramatic music)
Activating Lightning Blade.
(Mimi whimpering)
(Mimi gasping)
(Guardromon crashing)
(Mimi whimpering)
(static hissing)
Eliminate target.
(Andromon whirring)
(Mimi grunting in determination)
Think again, tough guy!
(metal clanging)
Sorry we're late.
Are you all right, Mimi?
Izzy, you're here!
[Izzy] Tai and Greymon
will be here soon, too!
(metal clattering)
(Tai grunting in determination)
(Mimi gasping)
You're okay!
Mimi, did I keep you safe?
You did.
-Take this!
-(metal creaking)
-(device beeping)
-(Izzy gasping)
Be careful, Kabuterimon!
That's Andromon!
An Ultimate Digimon!
(Kabuterimon grunting)
[Kabuterimon] Uh-oh!
(Kabuterimon screaming)
(torpedoes firing)
Ow, ow, ow, ow!
Oh, come on!
(groans) Bummer.
Tentomon, run!
(monitor beeping)
Eliminate target.
(hand whirring)
-Lightning Blade!
-[Greymon] Nova Blast!
(both gasping)
Is everybody doing okay?
Sure, never been better.
(Izzy and Mimi gasping)
(dramatic music)
Eliminate target.
(all gasping)
You ready, Greymon?
-Nova Blast!
-(fire roaring)
(Tai and Greymon grunting)
(Greymon thudding)
(Greymon growling)
(digivice chiming)
(intense rock music)
Greymon
digivolve to
(man singing in japanese)
MetalGreymon!
(MetalGreymon growling)
(foot stomping)
Mimi!
(Mimi grunting in determination)
Needle Spray!
Now's our chance, MetalGreymon!
Right!
Giga Blaster!
(man singing in japanese)
-(Andromon whirring)
-(Tai gasping)
(Andromon whirring)
(all gasping)
(menacing music)
Hit him one more time!
(MetalGreymon growling)
Gatling Attack!
Rapid fire mode!
(torpedoes firing)
(Mimi screaming)
(torpedoes exploding)
(Mimi yelping)
(MetalGreymon grunting)
Mimi!
Is everybody still okay?
Somehow we are.
(Izzy gasping)
Eliminate target.
(hand whirring)
(Togemon grunting)
(MetalGreymon growling)
(dramatic music)
(Mimi whimpering)
(metal clanging)
(dramatic music)
(Mimi gasping)
(metal creaking)
(static hissing)
(steam hissing)
(Mimi gasping)
(Andromon whirring)
(metal clanging)
(Mimi whimpering)
(steam hissing)
(static hissing)
-(steam hissing weakly)
-(Guardromon creaking)
(Tai gasping)
(Izzy gasping)
(sad music)
Eliminate target.
After what you did,
I won't forgive you!
(teardrop splashing)
I'll forgive anyone else!
But I won't forgive you!
Not ever!
(digivice chiming)
Togemon digivolve to
(sad music)
Lillymon!
You're Lillymon?
Mimi, it was your
sorrow and your anger
that let me do this.
You are what made me digivolve!
Commencing Gatling Attack!
-(torpedoes firing)
-(Lillymon twinkling)
Where are you aiming?
-(Lillymon grunting)
-(metal clanging)
Lightning Blade activate!
(Lillymon twinkling)
Locking on target.
Lock failed.
Commencing Gatling Attack.
(gatling gun firing)
Take Mimi's pain, Andromon!
Flower Cannon!
(cannon firing)
(shots exploding)
(Andromon grunting)
What have I
been...
(Mimi gasping)
Mimi...
(Mimi whimpering)
(Mimi sobbing)
(sad music)
Mimi was helped by a machine
Digimon named Guardromon.
According to the
data that I saw,
he was friends with Andromon.
Andromon was manipulated
into doing this.
(Agumon sighing sadly)
Are you okay now, Mimi?
Yeah.
We have to defeat all the
bad guys as soon as possible.
So let's get to it!
You bet!
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Narrator] A great adventure
within a floating fortress!
Sora's love brings about a
new digivolution for Biyomon.
[Tai] Next time on
Digimon Adventure,
"Garudamon of the
Crimson Wings!"
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.